Update cpmr0024.md explaining the prerelease tag should be in the version (#991)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/community-repository/moderation/package-validator/rules/cpmr0024.md

## Issue

> In the nuspec, the id contains a prerelease tag, that tag should be located in the version instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<id>` field in the package `.nuspec` file, contains a prerelease version name such as `alpha`, `beta`, etc.
```

## Recommended Solution

> Please update the nuspec so that the id only contains the real name, and add the prerelease part to the version, that will be added as prerelease on chocolatey and made available through the **--pre** parameter on the **choco install** command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please update the `<id>` field in the `.nuspec` file to ensure it only contains the name. The prerelease version name should be added to the `<version>` field. Prerelease packages can be [installed](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/choco/commands/install#options-and-switches) or [upgraded](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/choco/commands/upgrade#options-and-switches) using the `--pre` option in Chocolatey CLI.
```
